annotated diffusion: removed convnext and synched with notebook (#716)
huggingface/blog: annotated-diffusion.md

        return embeddings
```

### ResNet block

> Next, we define the core building block of the U-Net model. The DDPM authors employed a Wide ResNet block ([Zagoruyko et al., 2016](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.07146)), but Phil Wang has replaced the standard convolution in the projection layer to `WeightStandardizedConv2d` which works better with Group norm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we define the core building block of the U-Net model. The DDPM authors employed a Wide ResNet block ([Zagoruyko et al., 2016](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.07146)), but Phil Wang has replaced the standard convolutional layer by a "weight standardized" version, which works better in combination with group normalization (see [Kolesnikov et al., 2019](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.11370) for details).
```

### ResNet block

> Next, we define the core building block of the U-Net model. The DDPM authors employed a Wide ResNet block ([Zagoruyko et al., 2016](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.07146)), but Phil Wang has replaced the standard convolutional layer by a "weight standardized" version, which works better in combination with group normalization (see [Kolesnikov et al., 2019](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.11370) for details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we define the core building block of the U-Net model. The DDPM authors employed a Wide ResNet block ([Zagoruyko et al., 2016](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.07146)), but Phil Wang has replaced the standard convolutional layer by a "weight standardized" version, which works better in combination with group normalization (see ([Kolesnikov et al., 2019](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.11370)) for details).
```
Sorry made a typo here :)
